we're entering this world with AI making risk decisions for us and it is already
doing that and they're not reflecting just our personal biases but they are
compounding our personal biases right they're automating them they're scaling
them and do we have any input into them do we know all of the places where AI is
making those decisions for us do you know where your AI you keep talking that
out to your LLM you're querying your results but you're querying your results
based on your history of failure and the things that you are worried about most
so AI is going to start to break things in all three of my categories in new
ways and in ways that we have not yet imagined is as is the history of failure
we have imagined failure in various different ways all the way from moral
failing to normal accidents to our high efficiency systems where nothing can
fail all the way to move fast and break things and into wherever we're going now
and it's really important to understand that the challenge isn't whether the
failure is going to happen it's whether gonna we're gonna recognize which
failures we're inheriting which ones we're creating and which ones we're
ignoring or we don't see